# Detection of GAN generated images using Machine Learning

This project aims at generating fake images using GAN and training various machine learning models to see if they can distinguish real from GAN-generated fake images. If the models cannot reliably distinguish between the
real and fake images, then it implies that the fake images are strong fakes. Otherwise, the fakes are probably not going to be too useful for improving classification, as they represent distinct
classes from the ML algorithm's perspective.

Dataset - 

The dataset used for this project is images taken from the Mendeley data repository. Chest X-ray images (anteriorposterior) were selected from retrospective cohorts of pediatric patients one to five years old
from Guangzhou Women and Children’s Medical Center, Guangzhou. 1300 normal chest x-ray images and 2000 pneumonic chest x-ray images are downloaded. 500 real images of each category
were used to generate 1300 and 2000 synthetic normal and pneumonic chest x-ray images respectively. The number of fake and real images is equal in number to eliminate any bias while
training. 

Training -

The trained GAN models are present in the model folder. "model_n" is trained on normal images and "model_p" is trained on pneumonic images.
This project implements four different machine learning models to compare their
detection ability in identifying the fake images generated by DCGAN. The models implemented
are – Convolution neural network (CNN), Support vector machine (SVM), K-nearest neighbors (KNN), and Random forest (RF). The
fake images generated by GAN and the real images are used in training these models and their
classification performance is analyzed to check if GAN is generating strong fakes or not. 
